Mithril update 2025-01-22 (#531)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-01-22-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-01-22-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database: they completed the cloud synchronization of the artifacts, worked on some enhancements and optimizations for the production of the artifacts, and worked on the adaptation of the explorer. They completed the design of the split of the mithril-common crate. The team also re-spun the testing-sanchonet network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the incremental certification of the Cardano database. They completed the cloud synchronization of artifacts, introduced enhancements and optimizations for artifact production, and adapted the explorer to accommodate these changes. Additionally, they finalized the design for splitting the mithril-common crate and re-spun the testing-sanchonet network.
```

> Finally, they started to work on the compression of the aggregator HTTP responses, they fixed a bug that prevented the production of the debug logs on the nodes, and they fixed a problem with the recording of some Prometheus data in the infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other progress includes starting work on compressing aggregator HTTP responses, fixing a bug that prevented debug logs from being produced on the nodes, and resolving an issue with Prometheus data recording in the infrastructure.
```
